Update paragraph about portable command lines (#12772)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/process.rst

    // On both Unix-like and Windows
    $process->run(null, ['MESSAGE' => 'Something to output']);

To help write command lines that are independent from the operating system,

> you can also write the above code as such::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can also write the above code as a portable command::
```

Otherwise, when removing the versionadded in, nobody finds this by searching for portable commands. Or is this not necessary @nicolas-grekas. We can do the change while merging, no rework from your side needed, if.
